(popping, clinking)
Macy Baljure abruptly left
the wildly popular girl
group Cecile Die Twice
just last week.
but there's been no word
of a press conference
about her departure yet.
Her silence is palpable.
Do you think her being
replaced with a CG character
might've had something
to do with it?
That's not quite correct, Tim.
Cause you see, they're not
technically CG characters.
They're called Vumans.
(audience laughing)
Now, I know everyone's dying
to talk about this video
that was leaked the other day.
Let's take a look.
So annoying.
[Host] That was the exact moment
the group's leader, Ninny,
publicly denounced Macy!
I don't know about, "leaked."
This video is from
a reputable source.
It was on the Realist's
website after all.
Exactly, it was
posted on the Realist.
The only thing they're
good for is leaking gossip!
(laughter)
Thank you, Elly.
You're so protective.
You got mad for me.
Thank you for that.
Illegally rearing dragons?
Yep. Or that's the word
on the street.
We got a hot tip that
someone's doing just that
in Reverse London's
west district.
This'll be huge if
it's actually true.
But why do we get stuck
taking care of it?
Well, I mean...
Our job is to rear and
take care of dragons.
I guess illegally reared dragons
count under that definition.
Seriously?
That's a bit of a reach.
Count yourself lucky.
That "reach" is putting
money in your pocket.
Oh, very mature.
You did that on purpose.
Whoopsie.
Wow, did I do that?
Hey. It looks like all that cool
stuff you did yesterday
didn't make it
into the newspaper.
Even though you
saved the entire city
from a dark dragon.
Well, that's only
because you're reading
the Front London
articles, Balgo.
Here's the Reverse London news.
Amazing!
Look, it's you, Noel!
Man, you look so super cool!
Uh, hello?
I worked my butt off too.
Thank you very much.
Ah, found it!
This is what I was looking for.
Whoa, that was close.
Forgot to share something
important with ya.
The order came with a
small additional request.
(awing)
Why in the world do we have
to bring him along
with us anyway?
It's like the chief said.
Since Balgo draws
dragons toward him,
he's the perfect lure
to bring them to us
and help us round
them up efficiently.
So we need him on the mission.
Yeah I got that much!
I was in the room too, y'know.
Then why are you so mad?
I'm not mad because I didn't
understand the concept!
I'm mad because I have doubts
about this whole thing!
If you drew the short straw
and had to look
after the class frog,
you'd be pissed about it, right?
Like you'd still do it,
but you wouldn't be happy
about it, you know what I mean?
Balgo, she seems to have
taken issue with you.
Do you have anything
to say about that?
Yup!
I'm so glad whatever weird
dragon-summon-y thing
that's going on with my body
will help you out, Noel!
And if my arms
start to slide up,
they might brush
against your boobs.
Just the thought
of getting to bask
in the warm aura emanating
from your body...
(giggle/sigh)
I'm a very blessed man.
I could die happy.
You do realize that if
I drop you right now,
you'll probably die.
Right?
[Balgo] Huh?
[Noel] Oh, yeah.
I have something
to give you, Balgo.
Here you go.
This is a Piper's
mantle and pipe.
You'll be working with us now.
So the chief thought it
would be for the best if,
at the very least, you
could try to look the part.
Look the part huh?
Like, could that pipe be
any more fake-looking?
You sure look happy.
You wanted to wear one
of those that badly?
Yeah, of course I did!
I mean, wearing the same
thing as Noel wears...
It feels like she's
holding me nice and tight.
It's the best ever!
[Ninny] Gross.
Well? We're in the
west district now...
Do you feel anything?
Like personal feelings?
No you dummy!
More like the presence
of an illegally reared
dragon or whatever!
I hate to burst your bubble
but that's impossible.
I just naturally
attract dragons.
It's pretty random.
I don't have a special ability
that lets me
communicate with them,
if that's what you're asking.
Then why the hell
are you even here
cramping our style, man?
You're useless!
(explosion)
Hm?
An explosion!
That's bad.
(whistling)
Looks like it.
"Looks like it"?
Aren't you gonna go
down there and check?
It's out of our jurisdiction.
Dealing with terrorists
is the police's job.
Let's go.
There's a chance it
might be a dragon.
Well said, Noel.
[Noel] Even if
it's not a dragon,
we'll probably get
points for going.
You got me. Fine.
I just have to go there, right?
That's it?
This is the Realist's
headquarters.
Yeah you could see that
from where we were.
That's why I didn't
wanna bother coming.
The Realist?
You mean the tabloid?
Hm?
-Huh...
-Ninny, over here.
The other day, they
did a piece on you.
They post stories about me,
like, three times a week.
Be more specific.
It had a video of you
saying something like,
"So annoying."
It made you sound like you
were calling Macy annoying
after she left the group,
like you hated her and stuff.
Interesting.
So that's how the media
ended up spinning it.
There doesn't seem
to be anyone inside.
Well, it is a Saturday.
Not that our boss even cares.
Huh?
Marshal!
Ninny?
I'm going.
[Balgo] I'll come too!
This is dangerous, so please
keep your distance, Balgo.
Aw man!
(glass shatters)
(grunts)
So, it was you I saw up here.
[Macy] What...
What're you doing here, Nina?
Nice try.
But that's my line.
So let's cut to the chase.
What are you doing
in Reverse London...
Macy?
[Macy] This company wrote a
really mean article about us.
They even said that
you actually hate me.
That's not what I mean.
You realize this is
the Realist's Reverse
London headquarters.
It was the Front London
branch of the Realists
who wrote that article.
Ugh, seriously!
They always writes pieces
which twist things
out of context
and make you look
like a bad person.
That's why I came
here to destroy them.
Honestly it's fine.
I'm used to that
kind of crap, really.
Wait...
What did you just say?
Were you the one who
caused that explosion?
Of course not.
I didn't do any of this.
This little one did it for me.
A dragon...
And it's already grown that big?
Macy.
Just give it to me.
[Macy] She's not an "it."
Her name is Elly.
There's no way you'd know this
since you're not
from Reverse London,
so I'm gonna bend the
rules for you just a bit.
But here, physical contact
with a dragon is a felony.
As long as I keep my mouth shut
about this, you'll be fine,
So please let me take it.
I won't.
Listen up, this is
for your own good!
If they find out about this,
they'll have you killed!
Why would I believe you?
Who taught me never
to trust anyone
who tries to say, "this
is for your own good?"
It was you, Nina!
Elly?
You don't look very happy
considering we just
found our dragon.
If I was happy after finding
out someone I knew did it,
I'd be a psycho.
Huh?
I see, so are you Macy Baljure?
I'm sorry.
You don't look like how I'd
pictured you, so I wasn't sure.
Who the hell are you?
(startled gasps)
And why are you talking like
you're Nina's best friend?
You have a lot of nerve!
I'm gonna murder you!
(heavy breathing)
It's awkward but she's
kind of in love with me.
She does this when girls
are friendly with me.
It's not personal.
She thinks I was being
friendly with you back there?
(heavy breathing)
-Where the hell did you go?
-Anyway,
the direct approach won't work
when she's already
riled up like this.
I'm gonna try to go
in from the roof.
You keep her distracted
from there, okay?
Ninny, wait!
(explosion)
Ninny!
Whoops.
She flew way further
than I expected.
What do you think
you're doing, Banx Jr.?
And what brings you to
the Crown Council today?
Oh, uh well, I was just
uh, taking a little stroll.
It's pointless to lie to me.
You probably realized your
subordinates were in trouble.
Huh?
Did something happen
to em out there?
On second thought.
It would appear that I may
have overestimated you.
Given that you are their
superior, after all.
I think it would be wrong
if I didn't inform you.
Last night at 22:00 hours,
an order for the elimination
of Balgo Parks was issued.
While it hasn't been
carried out yet,
I hear Bangnyfe is
already on the move.
I'm sure you're familiar
with the way he works.
I would watch out for my
subordinates if I were you.
Let's go, Arkvine.
[Arkvine] Yes, ma'am.
Well, that ain't good.
I'll tell you that.
She's not dead, is she?
I'll have to write up
a report if she is,
and paperwork sucks.
Hold on, you are?
Looks like you know
who I am already.
Guess that's no surprise.
But then I know who
you two are as well.
Sorry, who are you?
Huh?
His name is Bruno Bangnyfe.
He's one of the
Top of the Horns.
And the director of the Inks.
But what the hell
is he doing here?
Finally.
At least someone knows who I am.
You got some nerve,
pissing me off.
But whatever.
It's me.
Dragon blockade at
Penfront Street.
Get rid of all the
bystanders and clear em out
with the exception of
the Wing Bind employee
positioned down there.
Don't worry, you'll
be able to tell
who the Wing Bind employee
is from his Piper's mantle.
Take your hands off of him!
And you detain that Wing Bind
employee when you find him.
He's the mastermind behind
the dragon terrorist attack
that just happened.
I get it.
So that means...
You're the one who
ordered the chief
to give him that mantle.
Makes sense, doesn't it?
A dragonclad with dragon
powers decides to get revenge.
On the very tabloid office
that turned him into
a laughing stock
and made jokes at his expense.
Eh?
Not that I really care if it
makes sense to you or not.
You're messed up.
I don't understand the
purpose of framing Balgo.
What good could
possibly come from that?
Oh, plenty of good!
At 22:00 hours last night,
a Punitive Dragon Designation
and Elimination Order
was issued for Balgo Parks.
In just a few hours there'll
be a bounty on his head.
And whoever takes him out
will secure themselves
a guaranteed place
in Reverse London history.
(gasps)
So for the time being, I'll
just be taking the guy in.
But as soon as the
order goes into effect,
I'll kill him on the spot.
Don't even try crying
or negotiating.
I'm still working under the
Dragon Contact Prohibition Law.
Like I said before,
I don't plan on taking
the two of you out,
as long as you
stay out of my way.
Excuse me, Bruno.
Huh?
You have the worst dye
job I've ever seen.
The hell'd you just say?
I'll kill you!
Niiha!
What's the problem?
I did nothing that
requires scolding.
I know that!
I was gonna compliment you
and say "nice burn" there.
Well, it didn't exactly
warrant a compliment, either.
You know what?
I was trying to be nice
'cause you're just lackeys,
but you had to get cocky.
This'll definitely be an
"accident on the job" situation.
And it'll totally be
worth the paperwork!
Wait, dammit, what the
hell are you doing?
Why aren't you coming at me?
Let go!
You idiots!
Look up!
Put up a shield!
(screaming)
Magic?
Get a picture, quick!
Noel?
You came to rescue lil ole me?
Well if you look at it that way.
Then yes, you were rescued
as a result of my actions.
Awesome!
Though, full disclosure,
I have no idea what's
going on right now!
Go me!
Damn it!
I have one question.
This isn't how it usually works,
but I guess that's how
you Pipers operate.
So are you the one responsible
for bringing Macy
to Reverse London?
And why does she suddenly
have a dragon with her now?
Why couldn't you just
keep it to one question,
you greedy little brat?
All right.
I scouted her and
brought her over here.
She'd somehow
managed to discover
a baby dragon in Front
London and was raising it.
I'm sure you want to pin
that dragon on me, too,
but that wasn't me.
Your little friend there
is one of those rare
people born in Front London
who happens to possess
a high amount of mana.
She's a Watcher.
Did you say Macy's a Watcher?
She would've ended up in
Reverse London sooner or later.
Just like you and your other
buddy Noel Niihashi did.
Right?
Pro tip: don't be so on
edge holding your Witch Kit.
What if it
accidentally goes off?
What the hell?
Nina!
[Ninny] Marshal!
No don't!
No please, let me go, Nina!
Just stay calm.
I promise.
I'm gonna take you
somewhere safe!
Elly!
(Elly shrieks)
Balgo Parks.
Macy Baljure.
You're seriously taking those
two and tryna run from me?
Rickenbacker!
Talk about naive.
(Macy sobbing)
Oh, come on.
Stop crying already!
But I left Elly behind.
I told you, we can't take
the damn dragon with us!
They're dangerous
to normal people!
But...
Would you stop your whining?
Y'know, this is exactly what
I can't stand about you.
Oh I knew it, Nina!
It's my worst fear.
You really do hate me after all!
Ah!
For crying out loud!
Why are you so damn annoying?
We should be safe here,
at least for the
time being, that is.
I've set up a Cloth, so they
shouldn't be able to find us.
I gotta ask.
What happened, Macy?
Nothing really.
You knew I never really enjoyed
being a member of the group.
Yeah, I knew.
I'm just tall, and they thought
I looked alright in makeup
and happened to
be a good dancer.
So they gave me cool
clothes and make up to wear,
but I never actually felt cool.
I get it.
I figured that's why you quit.
No, if that's all it was, I
would've quit a long time ago.
But I couldn't quit
because you were there.
And if I'd quit, I
would've become a nobody.
But...
Then two months ago I
found my little one.
I don't mind the rain.
Me either.
She looked just like the dragons
I'd seen in picture
books and cartoons.
Apparently, no one
else could see her.
So I thought I was imagining
things or losing my mind.
But, then she started
drinking water,
so I figured, yeah,
she must be real.
I gave her some food,
and she ate that, too.
I gave her lots of variety
but she seemed to like
fruits and veggies the best.
She didn't go to the bathroom,
she just kept getting bigger.
She started looking more
and more like a dragon.
A dragon only I could see.
I suddenly felt
like I was special.
I know our songs
did really well.
And you and the other girls
were amazing on stage.
But I was the only one who
wasn't myself up there.
(heavy breathing)
I had fame, but outside
of that, I had nothing.
Honestly, I'm not sure anyone
even noticed me up there.
But, that all changed
when I found Elly.
It felt like she gave
me some kind of power.
I felt like for the first time
I had the potential
to be someone special.
Then he, Bruno, appeared at
my place late last night.
He told me he desperately
needed me and my dragon.
My time had finally come!
I'd be taken somewhere special,
and be something special.
Nina, I have to say...
(gasps)
(grunts)
Yo.
You guys need an extra minute?
To say your goodbyes?
(closing theme music)